No, you have to come with me.
Why can't you understand what I'm saying?
I said my grandpa would save me.
You don't feel safe around him.
Believe me, he is not really nice to you.
I was complete around my grandpa.
Is it even safe? You and I think so,
If you treat me like this, who knows if you have any other worries.
Because when I help you, I am also helping myself.
What? It’s a long story,
Whoever chooses, it’s going to be zero hour soon.
If you don't go through, you will never survive three days.
OK. Then I think you are trusting yourself,
You go over and take a look.
It's worth saying.
Will Lao Litou be released in advance?
Old Li Tou is not dead
Why did he come back to find you?
Isn’t Old Li Tou dead?
Didn't he still point his finger and make electric calls?
know these boys
i know him
More tables than you think
Isn't he you?
Why are you wearing it like this?
Only when the appointment is realistic can it be effective
Who chooses some of your female hair for me?
Dingtou writes about his two brothers, and Xintou writes about water and the heart.
Change your oil
Hit Shi Zhi's eyes to kill
We will take you back to our friends